I am in Baarle-Hertog, who is in a piece of Belgium in the Netherlands. What if
I cross the street without being overwhelmed, I am in Baarla-Nassau, which is in a piece
from the Netherlands, within a piece of Belgium in the Netherlands. This is the most complicated border
from Europe. So, how have we got here?
I do not refer to you, that as we have reached this frontier, this is part of a series of changes of land and treaties
for a few centuries. But how have we come to the fact that a handful of points on the ground
- Wherever you go, here you are marked on the floor by the tourists, but well, some points that go down
By the center of this road you can determine the country where you are, the laws you follow, your seat
to the UN, where are you going to war? How do we get to that?
Well, I'm about to skip a few centuries of history in a few minutes, so I'm sorry
If I eat some of the details, but most historians will say that it returns to the time of La Paz
of Westphalia, a series of treaties that were signed at the end of the Thirty Years' War,
a devastating conflict The soldiers and mercenaries were paid to plunder the villages through which they passed.
But what came out of this, in addition to the many treaties of peace, was the idea that
Your country may have a set of laws and a religion, and that ours may have another
set of laws and other religion, and that is fine. Let's respect what is said
your sovereignty, the sovereignty of Westphalia, the idea of ​​nation isce of this.
But it could have been different. I mean, surely it's as simple as saying that
locals should decide which laws should follow, not national governments. That if the state of
New York suddenly decides to be part of Canada instead of the United States, if they do
they voted, if they had a referendum, if they were democratically determined, then they should be
able to go out and be part of Canada. Why not?
That people like this should be able to decide - I mean, if there were not
a good tourist attraction related, but - they should be able to decide
if they want to be part of Belgium. It will make it easier
Because we do not have this in mind to be determined by bureaucrats from any place in the government
central
Well, we will be seated in the European system around the world because, well, Europe colonized
the world. And besides the railroad and the colonial atrocities, we will export the idea of ​​sovereignty
westfalian Even now the borders of Africa are drawn based on the old European colonies,
not in the innumerable different cultures and the millions of commercial ports that had before them.
We have this system because of a chance in history. It could have been a very easy thing
Different, but as a result, we have this. We have a street where one side is Belgium, in the
The Netherlands, and the other side is in the Netherlands, Belgium, the Netherlands.
Netherlands.
Belgium.
Translated by MarcosPiano99 (Marcos Salomón)